>> Erik: Once you've created
that workflow or that diagram,
this is where you start
the development process.
[LAUGH] Do you see how much work it takes
just to get to the development process?
[LAUGH] At this point, you should
be able to hand off your design or
your architecture to another person and
they make it without having to
really ask you much at all.
This is really a principal engineer's job,
which is think about it from a theory and
a practice and a principal perspective.
So that when you give something
to the developer they can go,
okay, well I understand what you want and
I can pick the technologies
because of your requirements.
And again, if you set those
requirements really well and
have really good scope, then you can
actually put the whole responsibility of
the technology on someone else, right?
And then if that technology is chosen and
maybe it's not accurate,
then you can at least have a discussion
with that person and be like, okay,
I see where you're going with this, but
maybe I wasn't accurate with my design or
what I was trying to convey.
Here's how we can meet in the middle.
But at this point, when you talk
about developing the architecture,
you should really be confident
in what you're doing building or
at least the components that are required
to create what you're building.
>> Speaker 1: A question on the handoff.
>> Erik: Yeah.
>> Speaker 1: How much of the process do
you think the individual contributors
should, the IC, rehash everything that
happened in step one in terms of,
you're the principal you say go do this,
here's everything.
>> Erik: Yeah, so as a principal engineer,
you normally find yourself being
spread across a lot of system, but
you'll have like a main domain
that you'll be focusing on.
Like in hippo, we have principal engineers
that focus on our insurance again quoting
and rate plans and all that stuff and
like that's their job is to focus on that.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, I guess I'm saying
more like as the developer who's
going to build it,
do you think they should also obviously
maybe part of it but how much research,
>> Erik: Right, okay.
>> Speaker 1: etc.
>> Erik: Yeah, so the way we we do it,
where I work is, again,
you should really not add any
technology to the design.
In the sense of like, are we using Amazon,
are we using Google, whatever,
unless that's a hard stop requirement.
So it is part of the due diligence of
the IC or your principle to make sure
to think about any questions that
the developer may have, right?
And so there can be sections in a proposal
where there's a solutions section and
it talks about, well, we thought about
this, we thought about this we thought
about this, but
this is the approach we wanna take.
Normally, there definitely
can be developer input, but
it's also kinda like there's too
many cooks in the kitchen, right?
When you're starting to cook in
architecture or something like that.
Somebody has to sit down and spend, again,
I just showed you like nine slides on
thinking, somebody has to do that.
But it is also up to the developer
once they get that design to say,
well, I see where you're going with this
but I don't understand what you mean.
And then at that point, the IC should
probably go back to the designs and
address the developers concerns.
So there's definitely a collaborative
process, it shouldn't just be like,
hand over, see you later, right?
But a really good principal engineer
will more than likely be able to hand
off something and at least have a good
guide for where they should go.
However, and this is also important,
the developers shouldn't wait
to bring up their concerns.
If you get a design and you look at it and
you go like, this doesn't make any sense.
Then you should go directly to the IC or
the principal and be like, hey,
I just don't understand what
you're trying to accomplish here.
Yeah, but I would say it's
actually more time efficient
to let them work separately,
because you can get in
conversations about technology and
other stuff.
And one of the things that I,
[LAUGH] I'm even doing more now that
I used to deal with when I was
first dealing with that handoff was
knowing when it's a technological
conversation versus a design conversation.
And more often than not,
I might be talking about the philosophy of
approaching something, but then somebody
being like, well, we can use S3 for that.
No, don't, that's not for
this right now, right?
Let's define the philosophy and
what we're trying to do, and
then we can take the technical side.
But normally it's good to
have those separated cuz
then they can iterate individually.
Does that answer your question?
All right, cool, awesome.
It is a tough handoff though,
don't get me wrong.
The culture around it,
having good, like communication
around it is what's really gonna
make the success of that, yeah.
So after you develop the architecture,
you should know how to test
your architecture, right?
It could mean that you're using tools to
help put load onto the infrastructure or
on the architecture so
that you can emulate.
It could also be creating integration
tests or end-to-end tests.
And that's something that
we do at Hippo as well.
Whenever we deploy a service,
we have integration tests that run on that
environment after the service is deployed.
So that we know we have
good regression testing,
we know that the environment is
still working the way as expected.
When you have tons of changes like that,
you wanna be aware of how it
could change underneath you and
making sure that it's still meeting
the requirements of the project.
And I'll be honest, we only started doing
integration, we are probably like, I mean,
we're probably like a 10-year-old
company now or something like that.
But we only started doing integration
tests like two years ago [LAUGH].
So like a lot of the stuff I'm
talking about is still very
uncommon in most places.
But testing can make it so that
developers can get stuff out quicker and
have those red lights or
those warnings show faster.
So testing the architectures is really
important for all edge cases that you can.
>> Erik: And then finally,
deploy the architecture, so at this point,
again, let's recap.
We started with research, right,
we started with exploration,
we started with putting our ideas down and
putting them on paper, right?
We then develop that system,
we then tested that system.
At this point, you should feel comfortable
putting this in production, right?
And if you don't, then you need to
go back, you need to go back and
address what stages you might have missed.
But it's really up until the point
where you feel like, okay, yes,
I feel confident that this system
is doing what we want it to.
We've tested it, we've addressed
all the developer concerns,
now it's ready to go to production.
I can't tell you on how many occurrences
I've had, where a lot of problems
have happened just because some of those
things were considered earlier on.
And I'm sure you guys have probably
even dealt with that too at some point,
where it was like, why wasn't this tested,
why didn't we think of this?
And it kind of becomes, well, maybe
the IC or the principal forgot, right?
Or maybe a developer didn't raise their
opinions when they should have and
now we're dealing with that problem,
right?
So you should feel comfortable to deploy
the architecture once you've
gone through all those phases